Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I covered my friend in baby oil.